hello everyone mr. G here bringing you
this short update that XBMC 15.1
tutorial in this tutorial we will find
out how to install XBMC on our PC and
how to install popular add-ons on the
internet for watching TV and movies for
free we start by downloading and
installing the XBMC software from www.h
BNZ org then select the Downloads button
from the menu on the top and then select
the preferred platform installer in this
case the windows installer once the
download is complete double-click on it
to install and then tick the run XBMC
and click on finish
welcome to XBMC let's go on system file
manager and click on add source click to
enter the path of media location source
and type HTTP colon slash slash fusion
dot XBMC half.com
press on done and put the name
let's name it fusion dress I'm done and
I'm gone okay
add another source HTTP colon slash
slash use dot super repo dot Paul just
undone and give a name its name it s are
for super repo isn't done okay add
another source HTTP colon slash slash
Xfinity dot Sunidhi top.com done let's
name this xfinity person done this one
okay
but yet another source HTTP colon slash
slash install dot mush up XBMC dot-com
done give a name mashup okay now let's
access these sources we just configured
just going to go on system add-ons
install from zip file we find the
sources installed fusion like this stone
the hub wizard we then go to mashup
install repository like this repository
and mashup repo select that install from
zip file super repo select Gotham go all
repository store from zip file on
Xfinity sunidhi talk and we have
everything we want
now let's go on programs run the config
we that we got from infusion from XBMC
hub yes yes will download unzip and
install all add-ons in the fusion of
positive once installed we cannot even
more by going to system add-ons stop
unity talk on video add-ons and after
whatever you like you can test them you
can test them and install whatever you
like we cannot even more by installing
mashup and we can install a massive
amount of atoms going in super repo and
see this massive amount of atoms check
them out
Stoll test decide which one you want
[Music]
once were done installing the add-ons
can find them in videos patterns and
here they go
you can change the view so we can see
them as thumbnails
this is video add-ons you can also
install music add-ons and other programs
as well all can be found in the
repositories the repositories can be
found in all the sources we configured
and just for a first taste let's check
out one channel
[Music]
and we are done if you liked the video
don't forget to hit that like button and
subscribe to my channel for more thank
you so so much